https://codepen.io/lizwheeler/pen/LYRgQPM?editors=1100

1. What is Semantic HTML? 

	Semantic element clearly describes it's meaning ex: <header>
    
2. What is HTML used for? 
	it is a markup language for web development. It is read by the browser and used as 	a blueprint for displaying information on screen.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
	special flag inside of tag
 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	used for a header
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	omg or button
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
	<header>
    7. What is an id? 
	points to a specific style
	
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
	semantic
	
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	once
    10. What is a class? 
	used to specify a class for an HTML element.
	
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
	non-semantic
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
	multiple times 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	HTML link open in a new tab by adding the target=”_blank” attribute.
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
	The required alt attribute specifies an alternate text for an image, if the image cannot be displayed.

    15. How do I reference an id?
	id=
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
The <div> tag defines a division or a section in an HTML document.
The <section> tag defines a section in a document.
	
    17. What is CSS used for? 
	Cascading Style Sheets-- style to a page 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
      H2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
      Classes can be used multiple times id is unique to a page. 

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
           .
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
       p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? When you want to select only the child element
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	.sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	keyword added to a selector that specifies a special state of the selected element(s). For example, :hover can be used to change a button's color when the user's pointer hovers over it.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
     Line-spacing
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
     Letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    Text-transform: uppercase, lowercase
    
28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	div {border-width: 1px; border-style: dotted; border-Color: black;}

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
	*selector

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? 
		/* */ 
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
	will be the last thing on the line

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? Ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
	rm-- it's permanent and doesn't ask for confirmation
    
34. Why should I use version control? 
	helps track and manage changes to code

    35. How often should I commit to github?
	
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
	git push -u origin first-last
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
	fork repo, git clone url, cd into folder, code, git checkout -b first-last, git add, git commit -m "message" git push -u origin first-last, create pull request

